hey guys I'm going to try to demonstrate
how to create a ringtone from a voice
memo on HTC EVO every evil has this
default voice recorder app so I'm going
to use that then we'll create a new demo
just for the heck of it so it's trying
to alright here we go
that's my ringtone
alright so it's not a ringtone yet
actually now it's just a voice memo but
when I go here that's the one that I
just recorded let's listen to it alright
now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
rename it so hold press and hold and now
first I'm going to rename it to it's a
point
and save and now I'm going to press and
hold and select set as ringtone and you
will see here file was set as a wrinkle
and now it's actually done all I have to
do is go to menu settings and then go to
sound right here on the menu settings
and phone ringtone it's already set I
mean let me let me try let's see okay
now if you don't want this to be your
default then you select your previously
fault and then after that you can select
this one to be a question but but
indicate that that's that's it that's
basically all you have to do is just go
to your voice recorder application
record a memo or if you already have one
you just press and hold select set as
ringtone and that's it now don't forget
this is going to be a default ringtone
so if you want to customizing for
ringtones and if you want to use this as
a custom ringtone for somebody or some
of your people then you may want to go
back into your settings hunter menu
settings sound and select a different
default ringtone but that's it
thanks for watching and in the next in
the next video I'm going to demonstrate
how to get rid of these custom ringtones
see you later